Supplier Site Import

Overview

The Supplier Site Import process reads files from ./Incoming/SupplierSites/ in the standard SFTP setup. These files are moved to the archive folder located at ./Incoming/Archive/SupplierSites/ before being processed in alphanumeric order.

Supplier Site

Field Name 	Required Field 	Unique? 	Field Type 	Field Description 	Possible Values
Code 	Yes 	Yes 	string(20) 	Must be unique supplier site code or else the system will attempt to updated the existing supplier site record
Name 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Supplier Site name
Id 	No 	No 	integer 	Coupa Unique Supplier Id
PO Method 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Possible values are email, cxml, xml, buy_online or prompt. If email, the system will send the PO via email (must fill in the PO email address). If cxml, system will send the PO via XML (must fill in the cXML values). If prompt, the system will hold the PO and wait for you to manually release the order. 	cxml, xml, email, prompt, mark_as_sent, buy_online
PO Change Method 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Possible values are email, cxml, xml, buy_online or prompt. If email, the system will send the PO via email (must fill in the PO email address). If cxml, system will send the PO via XML (must fill in the cXML values). If prompt, the system will hold the PO and wait for you to manually release the order. 	cxml, xml, email, prompt, mark_as_sent, buy_online
Default Locale 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Will accept any valid locale short code i.e. en, en-GB, fr, fr-CA, etc.
PO cXML URL 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML Domain 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML Identity 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML Supplier Domain 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML Supplier Identity 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML Secret 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML Protocol 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is cXML
PO cXML HTTP Basic Auth Username 	No 	No 	string(255) 	If sending PO cXML has HTTP Basic Auth
cXML SSL Version 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Blank to use latest version available (recommended). Set to TLSv1 or SSLv3 to override
Buyer Hold 	No 	No 	boolean 	Possible values are Yes or No. If yes, then the buyer will need to review the PO before issuing. If no, the system will automatically send the PO via the preferred PO method
Disable Cert Verify 	No 	No 	boolean 	Disable SSL Cert Checking
PO Email 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Must be filled in if PO method is email
Active 	No 	No 	boolean 	Possible values are true, false.
Request change orders 	No 	No 	integer 	Allow supplier to initiate an Order change requests
Allow Evaluated Receipt Settlement (ERS) Invoicing 	No 	No 	boolean 	If supplier site is eligible for Evaluated Receipt Settlement (ERS) Invoicing flow. Supplier must have ERS Invoicing flag set to true.
Supplier Name 	Yes 	No 	string(255) 	Parent Supplier name
Supplier Number 	No 	No 	 	Parent Supplier number
Payment Terms 	Yes 	Yes 	string(20) 	If filled in, must match one of your Payment Terms
Shipping Terms 	Yes 	Yes 	string(20) 	If filled in, must match one of your Shipping Terms
Content Groups 	No 	No 	 	Enter in content groups (for security)
Addresses 	No 	No 	Address 	List of associated Supplier address IDs. Must belong to a parent supplier
Address Location Codes 	No 	No 	 	List of associated Supplier address location codes. Must belong to a parent supplier
Address Remit To Codes 	No 	No 	 	List of associated Supplier address remit to codes. Must belong to a parent supplier
Contacts 	No 	No 	Contact 	List of associated Supplier contact IDs. Must belong to a parent supplier
Contact Reference Code 	No 	No 	 	Reference code of associated contact
Account Types 	No 	No 	AccountType 	Chart of Accounts for supplier site
Payment Method 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Must be "Invoice", "P-Card", "Invoice Only", or "P-Card Only"
