Tax Code Rule Import

Overview

Tax lines on invoices are evaluated against every tax code rule to find which tax lines should be linked to a tax code from your ERP. When your tax lines are properly encoded your enterprise can more easily use your ERP to reclaim VAT withholding.

Every compliant invoice received will be evaluated against every tax code rule row. If any tax lines match all of the tax code rule field entries for a row then that tax code link is applied.

How It Works

Tax code rules defined in this record are used to set the appropriate tax code on invoice lines and the invoice header when all row field entries match a tax line.

You can create and revise tax code rules by CSV flat file upload using the Coupa UI at /tax_code_rules. Tax code rules can't be loaded using SFTP.

Tax code rules will run once an invoice is submitted for the first time. After that, if any details or rules have been updated or changed, users with appropriate permission can click the Apply Tax Code Rules button to re-run the invoice through the tax code rules. Coupa doesn't run invoices through the rules at each step of the invoice workflow. For more information on each field, see Tax Code Rules.

Notes
- Order of the columns below does not reflect the order presented in the CSV template download. Order of columns in a CSV file upload does not matter.
- The fields displayed at the top of the table: ID, Name, Effective Date, End Date, Active, Priority, Tax Code and Tax Country Code are metadata about the tax code rule where value of Tax Code is the tag or link applied to the invoice tax line that matches the tax code rule values set in any of the other fields.
- Values set in the remaining fields are evaluated as a set where all values defined must match an invoice tax line for the tax code rule to be applied.

Keys
- Name

Validations

Coupa use the field Name to lookup an existing record.

Tax Code Rule

Field Name 	Required Field 	Unique? 	Field Type 	Field Description 	Possible Values
Tax Code 	No 	No 	 	Required. Tax code to be applied. Usually the values defined based on the buyer's ERP tax codes.
Tax Code Country Code 	No 	No 	 	Country of tax code. If not country-specific, leave blank
Chart of Accounts 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Name of the Chart of Accounts that this rule applies to
Buyer Tax Registration Number 	No 	No 	 	Buyer Tax registration number that this rule applies to. Only applicable to Buyer Created/Non Compliant invoices if Bill to Address is enabled on the default presentation.
Tax Rate Type Country Code 	No 	No 	 	Country code of tax type
Tax Rate Type Description 	No 	No 	 	Type of tax - VAT, TAX, GST, PST, etc for CSP and compliant invoices only. Required if Tax Rate Type Country Code is used.
Commodity Name 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Commodity Name
Supplier Name 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Supplier Name
Cash Accounting Scheme Reference 	No 	No 	 	Cash Accounting Scheme Reference that this rule applies to
Tax Reference 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Tax Reference that this rule applies to
Supplier Fiscal Rep. Country Code 	No 	No 	 	Supplier Fiscal Rep. Country Code - ISO alpha-2, alpha-3 or numeric code for CSP and compliant invoices.
Buyer Fiscal Rep. Country Code 	No 	No 	 	Buyer Fiscal Rep. Country Code - ISO alpha-2, alpha-3 or numeric code
Expense Category Key 	No 	No 	 	Expense Category Key
Jurisdiction Origin Country Code 	No 	No 	 	Jurisdiction Origin Country Code
Jurisdiction Destination Country Code 	No 	No 	 	Jurisdiction Destination Country Code
Effective Date* 	Yes 	No 	datetime 	Date when the rule will be activated
Priority* 	Yes 	No 	integer 	Numeric priority from 1 to 100. Priority 1 takes precedence. 50 is default.
Jurisdiction 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Domestic, Intra-EU, Cross-Border. Does not have to be compliant. 	intra_eu, domestic, cross_border, interstate, intrastate
Category 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Goods, Services 	goods, services
Subcategory 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Raw materials, Investment Goods, Services Exceptions 	raw_materials, investment_goods, services_exceptions
Deductibility 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Fully, Partially, Not 	fully_deductible, partially_deductible, not_deductible
Tax Rate 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Tax rate as a number, exempt, or reverse charge. Field is only required to be populated on compliant invoices but is available for all.
Document Type 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Type of document - invoices, expenses
Jurisdiction Origin Country State 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Jurisdiction Origin Country State
Jurisdiction Destination Country State 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Jurisdiction Destination Country State
Customer Accounting 	No 	No 	boolean 	Whether or not the tax rate is customer accounting
ID 	No 	No 	integer 	Coupa unique identifier
Name 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Unique rule name
Account Segment 1 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Chart of accounts segment 1 value
Account Segment 2 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Chart of accounts segment 2 value
Account Segment 3 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Chart of accounts segment 3 value
Account Segment 4 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Chart of accounts segment 4 value
Account Segment 5 	No 	No 	string(255) 	Chart of accounts segment 5 value
End Date 	No 	No 	datetime 	Date with the rule will be deactivated
Active 	No 	No 	boolean 	Whether or not the rule should be evaluated
