CSV Table Export File Format

Configuring Windows

PDF Version

Default Program to Open CSV

There is more than one way to set default programs in Windows, but the description below applies to configuring Windows 10. Configuration is also possible through the Control Panel or within Excel. If these instructions do not work for your Windows version, please consult Windows help.

Your PC should choose Excel by default to open your exported CSV file. If you want to set, verify, or change the default application, right-click on any saved CSV file.

Click on Properties.

This opens the Properties window for this file. Under the General tab, Type of File shows Comma Separated Values File. Under that, Windows shows the application which opens this file type by default.

If you want to use a different default application, click Change and select a different application from your list of apps.

Regional Language Options

User settings in tm5 determine the formatting of values in any exported CSV. To make sure your default application recognizes the values correctly, you can check your regional settings in Windows.

These settings are available in the Control Panel. To learn more have a look at this article from Microsoft’s support site.

Regional settings determine the way numbers, dates, currencies, and times display. For example, the usual North American date format is DMY (March 1st, 2021), whereas European dates are written DMY (1 March, 2021).

User Settings

Your Coupa Treasury user settings determine the format of an exported document. To view and change your settings, click the User Settings button within the User Menu in Coupa Treasury.

This opens the User Settings pop-up window. Go to Export Format Settings to see the existing values.

-

Date Separator – slash (/), period (.), comma (,), < none >

-

Field Separator – semicolon (;), comma (,)

-

Date Sequence – mdy, dmy, ymd

-

Decimal Marker – period (.), comma (,)

-

Text Delimiter – single quotation mark (‘), double quotation mark (“), < none >

-

File Encoding – ASCII, Unicode
